You what you
Three children in five years, no son
What a waste
If the old man hadn't said that you had an impression
Do you think I will marry you?
Mama, let's go
Hey, such family members
What will the mother and child do in the future?
Yes
Give it to me at all costs
Utilize the best physician equipment and medication
Cured me
Who are you?
Beauty Du Chenghui
What!
You are Du Chenghui, the chairperson of Shenwei Group
I'm sorry it's always been too deep
Don't be afraid.
Hurry up and invite the best ceremony
I'm on my way.
Why is cousin here?
Xiaobao is coming
Xiaobao is very good
cousin
You all remember
I remember it all
Six years ago, I was attacked in Waiyuhuan
Injury amnesia
6 years away
He lived and died and I regained my memory
Cousin, you are suffering
We've been looking for you all these years.
And thank God.
Let me pass through Zhengzhou this time and find you
You were actually killed by the Yang family
What did the beast bully look like?
I will take it with me to destroy the Yang family now